Keren, be careful as my assistant
Dad, I finally found you.
Whose kid is this?
Why are you littering Dad?
Honey, I'm not your dad.
What about your father?
Why did you come out alone?
You are my dad
This kid looks just like this handsome guy
Like a mother and son coming out of a kang
Listen to what gossip
Go buy your clothes
Master you
I said some time ago that you have a woman you can't forget
Here comes another one
A child who looks so much like you
What's going on?
Baby even if I were your dad
What about your mother?
Why didn't he come to see you?
Mom said he would show up as soon as I found you
Where is he?
Can you take me to him?
There he is.
I finally found you.